Added basic layout for roadmap (#274)
ory/docs: docs/ecosystem/roadmap.md

---
id: roadmap
title: Roadmap
---

## ORY Roadmap

If you would like a quick overview of whats coming next to ORY, you can do so at our [GitHub Projects Board](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8).  
You can see what we are working on right now, what issues are prioritized and what progress has been made in the past.  

## ORY Project Management Board

[To Do](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-6092768)  
[Priority](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-7739379)  
[In Progress](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-6092769)  
[Review In Progress](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-6092770)  
[Reviewer Approved](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-6092771)  
[Done](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-6092772)  

## Individual Project Sections

[ORY Kratos Milestones](https://github.com/ory/kratos/milestones)  

> [ORY Kratos Pull Requests](https://github.com/ory/kratos/pulls?q=is%3Aopen)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ORY Kratos Open Issues and Pull Requests](https://github.com/ory/kratos/issues?q=is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc)  
```

> [ORY Kratos Issues](https://github.com/ory/kratos/issues?q=is%3Aopen)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
id: roadmap
title: Roadmap
---

## ORY Roadmap

> If you would like a quick overview of whats coming next to ORY, you can do so at our github project page.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like a quick overview of whats coming next to ORY, you can do so at our [GitHub Projects Board](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8).  
```

You can see what we are working on right now, what issues are prioritized and what progress has been made in the past.  

> [Follow this link for the complete Project Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8).

Reviewer: I think we can remove this as it's linked above.

Author: done

> ## Complete Roadmap Sections: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ORY Project Management Board
```

Author: Did a Pr for that.

[To Do](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-6092768)  
[Priority](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-7739379)  
[In Progress](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-6092769)  
[Review In Progress](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-6092770)  
[Reviewer Approved](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-6092771)  
[Done](https://github.com/orgs/ory/projects/8#column-6092772)  

## Individual Project Sections

[ORY Kratos Milestones](https://github.com/ory/kratos/milestones)  

> [ORY Kratos Pull Requests](https://github.com/ory/kratos/pulls)  

Reviewer: You can combine PR and issues using filters like so: https://github.com/ory/kratos/issues?q=is%3Aopen

You can also sort by recent and updated recently: is:open sort:updated-desc sort:reactions-+1-desc

Author: Ok, i sorted by "is open" now, it seems to be the most straightforward option.
